1/ Just learned about this fantastic Chinese epic called 西游记 (Journey to the West). Apparently it's got monks, demons, talking animals and shit. You better bet I've been reading the shit out of it!!

2/ So turns out there's this monk, Xuanzang, who has to go to India to collect these Buddhist scriptures called sutras - all of course to save China's spiritual decline. Gotta appreciate a man with a mission.

3/ And this monk dude ain't alone! Hes got an ultimate squad of disciples! First up is Sun Wukong, the badass monkey king. He's got some insane powers like shape-shifting and 72 transformations, makes me feel weak as hell.

4/ Next up is Zhu Bajie, a part human-part pig creature whoops ass. But this guy is also horny as a mf, can you believe it? Not only can he battle evil like a boss but he's also cruising for ladies like an unstoppable pickup artist.

5/ Rounding out the squad is the quiet and stoic Sha Wujing. He's a reformed river sand demon, giving up that life of chaos to become a badass disciple. You ever relate to a character so much? He just wants to do some redemption quests like we all do.

6/ And of course, there's Yulong, the dragon prince who got turned into a fuckin' horse. This poor guy just wants to make his dad proud and ends up pulling the monk's carriage around. Great team work, I say!

7/ These badasses are battling their way through endless waves of Demons trying to capture the monk and eat his flesh to achieve immortality. The absolute absurdity of it all is perfect.

8/ So this #JourneyToTheWest gang is running around, collecting scriptures, learning lessons about morality, and boinking demons all over the place. And all I can do is sit here and wonder, "Why the hell isn't my life this epic?"

9/ There are 100 chapters in this shit, not including the chapters in the life of the reader. Might just drop everything and become a wandering monk with some crazy-ass disciples! Shouldnt be too hard to find a talking monkey right?

10/10 Cheers to this incredible story, the 西游记 truthers have gained a new convert! Be prepared for endless quality content in the form of Monkey King memes to rain upon your timelines! Buckle up! #JourneyToTheWestMemes #HERE I COME